Add information on datastore options in Fleet to FAQ. (#136)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/infrastructure/faq.md

It is possible to configure osqueryd to log query results outside of Fleet. For results to go to Fleet, the `--logger_plugin` flag must be set to `tls`.

### What are my options for storing the osquery logs?

> Folks typically use Fleet to ship logs to data aggregation systems like Splunk, the ELK stack, and Gralog. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Folks typically use Fleet to ship logs to data aggregation systems like Splunk, the ELK stack, and Graylog. 
```

> The [logger configuration options](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/master/docs/infrastructure/configuring-the-fleet-binary.md#osquery_status_log_plugin) allow you to select the log output pluggin. These options define the datastore you'd like your logs to be sent to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [logger configuration options](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/master/docs/infrastructure/configuring-the-fleet-binary.md#osquery_status_log_plugin) allow you to select the log output plugin. Using the log outputs you can route the logs to your chosen aggregation system.
```
